OmniCC Version History

2.1.1
Rethrottled the updates
Tweaked the no cooldown count flag to hide active timers.

2.1.0
Updated a setting to make LSM3 work properly.
Switched to using noCooldownCount to signify that cooldown count should not display on an object, instead of noomnicc

2.0.9
Updated to LSM 3
Unthrottled the updates for cooldowns with durations > 1 minute.  This is to prevent an issue with prep.
Reimplemented the slash commands

2.0.8
Updated for 2.4
The /omnicc menu is now part of the new blizzard interface options menu
FIxed a bug where I expected the parent of a cooldown to remain constant
Fixed a bug where I expected all frame.icons to actually be textures.
Developers:  I now check for .noomnicc on all cooldown frames.  If set to true, OmniCC will not show text


2.0.7
Updated for 2.3
Rewrote the options menu in pure lua

2.0.6
Fixed a crash issue on Macs in 2.2 and on the 2.3 PTR
Removed OmniCC Basic.

2.0.5
Both: Changed the hooking code to increase significantly increase compatibility.
Full: Tweaked the layering of cooldown text
Full: Fixed a bug that caused a font not set error

2.0.4
Full: Made the minimum scale check independent of UIScale

2.0.3
Full: Fixed a bug with LibSharedMedia that caused some Ace addons to not work
Full: Fixed a bug causing cooldown text to sometimes appear below cooldown models
Full: Set default minimum scale setting to 0

2.0.2
Options: Implemented a better font selector

2.0.1
Full: Fixed an error on cooldowns of an hour in duration

2.0.0
Full: Completely rewritten to be more compatible.  Settings have been reset
Full: The blacklist option has been replaced with minimum scale option. This option controls how big a frame must be for cooldown text to be displayed.
Full: Replaced slash commands with an options window, accessable via /omnicc or /occ
Full: Implemented SharedMedia support

1.3
Update for 2.2
Basic: Modified the hiding behavior for buffs
Basic: Cleaned up and commented code

1.2
Fixed a bug causing cooldown text to be transparent on Bartender3
Fixed the font not set error

Added localization file
Added blaclist file, please add any frames you do not want omnicc to show to to this list
Added a command, /omnicc blacklist: toggles not showing text on blacklisted frames

1.1
Updated for 2.1
Implemented text scaling

1.0
Addon folder name is now OmniCC, instead of !OmniCC.  DELETE !OMNICC BEFORE RUNNING!
Added a pulse option, which causes the icon of an object to pulse when it becomes available.
Added a time format option, which switches between MM:SS and MM formats
Settings changes will now immediately affect all visible cooldown text
Set cooldown text to toplevel to prevent issues with other mods
Removed the shine option
Removed support for Discord Action Bars


Known Issues:
* Does not work on CT_BottomBar
* CT calls Cooldown:SetCooldown directly, which I cannot directly hook